I'll save your life first
Take it all
Sir, listen to my explanation
Let me explain.
Li Gang, how dare you?
Ah my lord
I have a bank card in my pocket
That's what Xu Yaoyu gave me
I didn't dare to spend a penny on my life
Didn't get a penny back
Godfather, aren't you crossing the river and demolishing the bridge?
Isn't that all your request?
You shut up
Who is your godfather, shut up
As a third-rank official
The wooden house is in the village of Anti-Liancha
One of the charges
You are a tyrant because of your power. Second
The third crime of colluding with the virtual home to protect the private pocket
You are guilty
Sir, you have to be clear
You have to check it out.
Adult check seat
The culprit is the evil Li Gang
Xu Aoyu took away
Awaiting trial
Is an adult
Sir, you have to be clear
My lord, Ming Cha
adults adults
Adults go
Dawan Square
It concerns the lifeblood of Jiangdong people
Can't die
I've been running around for a while.
I already have a decision in my heart